Fix: Table block doesn't keep background color (#39445)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/block-library/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Bug Fix

> -   Table block: Background color is not kept ([#39445](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/39445)).

Reviewer: Nit: Perhaps we could make this a little clearer given the bug is only with named (color palette) colors.
```suggestion
-   Table block: Fix deprecation eligibility to prevent loss of named (color palette) background color ([#39445](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/39445)).
```

Author: Thank you for review ! I'll fix this.
